Add channel description to how-to-join-mattermost.md (#154)
OpenTermsArchive/docs: content/community/how-to-join-mattermost.md

3. Select “Leave the Canal” from the dropdown menu and voila! You have successfully left that channel.
   ![Leave the Canal]({{< relref "." >}}leave-the-canal.jpg)

## Channels description

Here are some recommended channels to help you get started:

> 1. **#Reuse channel**: This channel gives you access to published reports based on Open Terms Archive data. You can also share your personal published reports here.
> 2. **#Situational awareness channel**: This channel helps you stay updated on initiatives from Open Terms Archive and news from other sources.
> 3. **#Public relations Channel**: All communications, public presentations, events, blogs, feedback, and press releases from Open Terms Archive are posted here. Join to stay informed and share related articles.
> 4. **#Help Channel**: Don’t get stuck! Join this channel to ask for assistance on any issue. 
> 5. **#Module**: There are some channels prefixed with “Module” for technical contributors including **Website**, **Documentation**, **Engine**, and **Contribution Tool**.
> 6. **#Collection**: There are some channels prefixed with “Collection” for different terms tracked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **~reuses**: this channel gives you access to published reports based on Open Terms Archive data. You can also share your personal published reports here.
2. **~situational awareness**: this channel helps you stay updated on initiatives from Open Terms Archive and news from other sources.
3. **~public relations**: all communications, public presentations, events, blogs, feedback, and press releases from Open Terms Archive are posted here. Join to stay informed and share related articles.
4. **~help**: don’t get stuck! Join this channel to ask for assistance on any issue. 
5. **~module**: there are some channels prefixed with “Module” for technical contributors including **Website**, **Documentation**, **Engine**, and **Contribution Tool**.
6. **~collection**: each collection has a dedicated channel prefixed with “Collection” to gather its community members and synchronise around maintenance and analysis.
```
